[WIP] [fix]: Address UMIP-179 feedback (#602)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-179.md

- The `HubPool` `liquidityUtilizationCurrent()` and `liquidityUtilizationPostRelay()` functions shall be used instead of the `BridgePool` variant.
- The event `inputToken` shall be mapped from the SpokePool address to a HubPool `l1Token` address by following the matching procedure outlined above.
- The LP fee is computed between the `originChainId` and `FilledV3Relay.repaymentChainId` where the `relayExecutionInfo.FillType != SlowFill` and `FilledV3Relay.destinationChainId` otherwise.
- The LP fee as a multiplier of `inputAmount` (typically named `realizedLpFeePct` elsewhere in this document) shall be:
  - Promoted to 18 decimals, where 1e18 represents 100%, and

>   - Truncated (zeroed) between 0 and 1e10, providing 8 decimals of effective precision.

Author: Would appreciate feedback on the wording here.

Reviewer: Maybe: 
```
 - Available precision to 8 decimals. Truncated via [output = input / 1e10 * 1e10]
```

Author: Updated: https://github.com/UMAprotocol/UMIPs/pull/602/commits/518c7ecb77a2ee172eedc20e6ce9c79241e5bfd4

- `(inputAmount * (1 - realizedLpFeePct)) / 1e18`, where `realizedLpFeePct` is computed over the set of HubPool `l1Token`, `originChainId` and `repaymentChainId` at the HubPool block number corresponding to the relevant `V3FundsDeposited` `quoteTimestamp`.
- The applicable rate model shall be sourced from the AcrossConfigStore contract for the relevant `l1Token`.

If a validated `FilledV3Relay` event specifies an invalid `repaymentChainId`, the proposer shall issue repayment on the fill destination chain.
Reasons for the `repaymentChainId` to be considered invalid are:
- `repaymentChainId` is not supported by Across.

> - `inputToken` is not supported as a repayment token on `repaymentChainId`.

Author: I think forcing repayment on the destination chain is the only safe approach here, since if the relayer fills via a contract on zkSync and the proposer proposes repayment on some other chain then the relayer will never receive their repayment.

- The `HubPool` `liquidityUtilizationCurrent()` and `liquidityUtilizationPostRelay()` functions shall be used instead of the `BridgePool` variant.
- The event `inputToken` shall be mapped from the SpokePool address to a HubPool `l1Token` address by following the matching procedure outlined above.
- The LP fee is computed between the `originChainId` specified by the `Deposit` and `repaymentChainId` specified by the relayer, where the `relayExecutionInfo.FillType != SlowFill` and the Fill `destinationChainId` otherwise.
- The LP fee as a multiplier of `inputAmount` (typically named `realizedLpFeePct` elsewhere in this document) shall be:
  - Promoted to 18 decimals, where 1e18 represents 100%, and

>   - Truncated to 8 decimals of effective precision, as follows: lpFee = (inputAmount / 1e10) * 1e10

Reviewer 2: Why 8? why not 6? Just curious how you selected 8, as I imagine the fewest # of  precision decimals we can use -- the better UX

The Relayer Refund Leaf `leafId` field shall be numbered according to the ordering established above, starting at 0.

> If a Relayer Refund Leaf would be unable to be executed due to an ERC20 reversion when transferring the repayment token to the recipient on the destination chain, the proposer may exclude the relayer repayment from the Relayer Refund Root.

Author: This is redundant now that we have a fallback retrieval mechanism for unexecutable leaves.

The Across v3 implementation is available in the Across [contracts-v2](https://github.com/across-protocol/contracts-v2) repository.

# Security considerations

> Across v3 has been [audited by OpenZeppelin](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/across-v3-incremental-audit).

Author: Good call. It looks like OZ haven't posted about their most recent audit yet. @mrice32 are we able to prompt on that?

Each `FilledRelay` or `FilledV3Relay` can have multiple associated deposit events. In the event of multiple matching deposit events, there will be multiple LP fees paid per event in the case of a non slow fill.

### Computing Relayer Repayments

> For each validated `Fill`, the relayer repayment amount shall be computed as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
For each validated matching `Deposit` event, the relayer repayment amount shall be computed as follows:
```
